So how do I want to do multi-drawing replays?

The best thing would be to have multiple layers <= 2 is all that's really
needed, but requires almost all the functionality of the truly general case.

For better or worse, multiple layers of drawing coordinate embedding really
would best be brought to my current framework along with a cleaner separation 
of functionality:
  1. coordinate embedding-- rectangle R in coordinate system C maps to 
  rectangle R' in coordinate system C'
  2. event management for embedded coordinates-- a click at pixel (x,y) on 
  canvas C falls within rectangle R and within R's coordinate system C, pixel 
  (x, y) maps to (x', y').

Rather than going hog-wild on another refactor quest, it would be nice to have 
a product to show the benefits of the last refactoring.  What would that be?

Pretty simple: animate multiple drawings simultaneously on a single canvas.
(Again, the reason for having multiple layers of embedding as mentioned above 
would be to allow panning and zooming around multiple drawings; I can do 
multiple drawings in a fixed frame in an unmoving configuration easily, but 
panning and zooming require either an outer frame of reference or manually 
moving around subcanvas boundaries, which would be awkward.)

So, that's roughly target.  The specific target:
  9 drawings in a 3x3 configuration, filling up the space of one full-size 
  drawing;
  animating simultaneously, then animating sequentially.

In concrete, software-implementation terms, this will require:
  a canvas
  animation handling functionality
  a DrawPart corresponding to the simultaneous or sequential drawings
  input drawings.

The input drawings can be recorded in the current 'motion capture harness' (to 
make it sound fancier than it actually is), the animation functionality can be 
mostly lifted from earlier versions (hopefully giving a few seeds of a general 
animation idea), the canvas is implemented, and the drawable is probably pretty 
easy to do.

DIFFERENT TOPIC, NOTE AGAIN: time alignment of stuff was a point of friction; 
was that due to some basic misunderstanding or just because I hadn't thought it 
through and was trying to make it work while really tired?

Aiiiiight.  Time to write that DrawPart.

Man, I can't actually reuse subcanvas to do the implementation of a DrawPart.
Well, I can probably lift most of the stuff right from it.

All right, that's done... took relatively little working time, but relatively a 
lot of clock time. 


What's the example that will let me see this shit working?  Throw another 
canvas onto the same example page, have it steal scribbles?  Nah, this should 
be totally doable with just the current canvas and another menu entry.
